 

Product Details

 Features:
1. Not only lighting, but also decorating your house.
2. It will make your home more interesting and attractive.
3. E27 lamp holder, you can choose the bulb with E27 interface arbitrarily. (Bulbs Can Choose)
4. Perfect to create a warm and romantic atmosphere for your home, restaurant and cafe.
Specifications:
Type:Vintage Pendant Light
Material：Metal
Base type: E27 (Bulbs Can Choose)
Power supply: AC110V-240V
Item Color: Black
Style: Retro Style
Cable Length:100cm
Package Included : (Bulbs Can Choose)
1 x 3 Way Vintage Pendant. 

About Us

Payment
We only accept the Paypal payment methods.
All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor PayPal.(* If you use e-check on PayPal, delivery may take longer, as we will hold your order until your e-check clear)
Shipping
Item will be shipped within 1 business day after confirmed payment. (Not including weekend or public holidays)
Please verify your address during checkout. We are not responsible for any wrong or undeliverable addresses.
All items will be checked strictly before shipping and it will be shipped to your PayPal address.
Estimated delivery time is 1 - 4 working days (Not including weekend or public holidays)
Delivery times may vary particularly during peak periods or unexpected weather conditions. In event of a very unlikely slight delay, your patience would be highly appreciated.
We do not provide pick up or local collection service so far.
Return
We accept return within 60 Days of dispatch.
For exchange buyer MUST return the defective item for 1 to 1 exchange, return cost due to buyer.
We do not cover defects and/or damage resulting from normal wear and tear of the equipment or otherwise due to the normal ageing of the equipment, including battery deterioration.
For free shipping means we paid the shipping fee on your behalf, that fee will be deducted.
In case return cause by wrong buy, return postage will be at buyer side also.
Please contact us immediately about any your return before shipping back the Once the item has shipped the regular return policy applies. Notifying us ahead of time will help us to ensure that your return is dealt with promptly upon arrival.
Feedback
Very appreciated for your support. I hope you are happy with your purchase.
We maintain high standards of excellence and strive for 100% customer satisfaction!  Feedback is very important to us.
We request that you contact us immediately BEFORE you give us  or  feedback, so that we can satisfactorily address your concerns.
If you have any problem, please feel free to contact us via ebay message, we will reply your email within 24 hours (except weekends and holidays). We will do our best to solve your problem as soon as possible.
We appreciate your continued patience and willingness to work with us. Thank you for choosing us and have a great day!
About us
Welcome to my shop,We offer an extensive range of products selected by our professionals.superiority in details and quality is a high priority.
We are increasingly expanding international markets based on high quality products, excellent service, reasonable price boas and timely delivery. Please contact us at any time for more information.We work hard to make sure EVERY CUSTOMER 100% approvingly.