


Product Details

Features:

💝💒🌌VINTAGE DESIGN: This glass chandelier uses 3 different drop-shaped glass lampshades, and the glass surface is specially treated. Can reflect wonderful light to your room. Minimalist, Luxury, Elegant Style.Suitable for most decoration style rooms.
💝💒🌌UNIQUE DESIGN: The simple and stylish design of the glass shade of this black pendant light utilizes the optimal performance of the bulb to maximize the light. The matte black finish on the metal parts completes the look and highlights your personal decorating style
💝💒🌌APPLICATION: This glass pendant lighting is not only a lamp, but also an eye-catching decoration. It is very suitable for installation in the living room, dining room, kitchen island, bedroom, hallway, interior decoration, bar, restaurant, gallery, exhibition room, Hotel etc.
💝💒🌌EASY INSTALLATION: You only need to install the fixture into the ceiling box and then assemble the globe pendants and LED bulbs. When you need to change a bulb, it can be replaced directly without having to remove the entire chandelier. (Note: If a globe was broken during shipment, please contact us for a free replacement).
💝💒🌌BULB REQUIREMENTS: This crystal pendant light chandelier requires E27 base bulb (LED,CFL or Incandescent), 60W max. Fully dimmable when used with a dimmable bulb and dimmer switch (bulb and dimmer switch not included).

Specification:

Type: Hanging Pendant Light
Material:Metal,Glass
Finish: Chrome
Shape: Variable
Bulb Type: not included
Room Type: Bathroom, Conference Room, Home Office, Kids Room, Kitchen

Package included:  

1X Hanging Pendant Light  

1x Installation Kit

1x User Manual

 

Notice:
Due to the different monitor and light effect, the actual color maybe a slight different from the picture color.
Please allow 2-3cm differs due to manual measurement.





Shipping Notice:

Delivery to the UK Highlands and Islands and Northern Ireland are excluded from  our standard delivery charge and may incur extra costs. Please note, thanks.

Shipping Note:
We don't ship to GY/JE postcode.
Due to courier restrictions some areas out of UK mainland (Highlands/Islands/Northern  Ireland etc) require extra surcharge.
Including below post code: PH/BT/IV/TR/IM/PA/KW/PO/AB/FK/HS/KA/ZE/GY/JE/BF.
Please contact us for extra postage charges.

Product Picture Show

 




 








