Affo

DESCRIPTION
PAYMENT
SHIPPING
RETURN POLICY
CONTACT US
Shop Category
 Store Home
 Other
Hot Item
	
Professional Mandolin Slicer Vegetable Food Fruit Chopper Gretar Tool


GBP 16.99

	
Steering Wheel Lock Titan Lock Car Accessories Anti-Theft Device High Visibility


GBP 10.99

	
Mini Hidden Audio Voice Recorder Listening Device 96 Hours 8GB Bug Recording


GBP 13.99

	
42mm Firewood Drill Bit Wood Cone Hex Shank Wood Log Splitter Screw Splitting UK


GBP 13.99

	
Anti-Bedsore Air Inflatable Seat Cushion Pressure Relief for Wheelchair Car UK


GBP 8.99
Delivery

New List Item
	
2025 4K Rewave Antena, TV Antenna, Suction Cup TV Antenna Plug Play 3m Cable


GBP 8.99

	
Gutter Cleaning Tool Extension Wand Lance High Pressure Washer Roof Cleaner Jet


GBP 14.99

	
Leg Pillow Orthopedic Knee Pillow Memory Leg Knees Pain Cushion for Side Sleeper


GBP 8.99

	
Portable 380Miles TV Antenna Indoor Outdoor Digital HD Freeview Aerial Ariel


GBP 9.99

	
10X LED Magnifier Glass Desk Lamp With 48LED Light and Stand Magnifying Lamp


GBP 24.99
Help & Info
Payment Policy
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
FAQ
About Us
	
Modern LED Wall Lamp Living Room Wall Light Bedroom Bedside Wall Sconce Lighting


About This Item:
Modern design: this wall light is characterised by an elegant linear design with two S-shaped beams that embody modern aesthetics and add a touch of style to your room. The left and right light distribution combines perfectly with the refined black appearance and creates a fascinating optical ambience 


Wide application: this black wall light is a very atmospheric and versatile wall light, the warm and romantic light is suitable for all kinds of places, ideal for lighting and decoration in the living room, bedroom, hallway, kitchen, staircase, balcony, bar, hotel and so on

 

 

Features:
-Its elegant linear design with two S-shaped beams embodies a modern aesthetic and creates an intriguing optical ambience.
-The shell is made of high-quality metal, and the surface is made of porcelain glaze, which has a fine texture, corrosion resistance and is easy to clean. The high-quality acrylic lampshade has high light transmittance and is not easy to yellow or crack.
-Using LED as the light source, the light output is higher, the light is uniform and soft, without flicker, it also has high color rendering index (CRI>80).
-The package includes instruction manual and all installation parts, which makes installation quick and easy. You can place the wall light vertically or horizontally as needed to meet your different needs.
-Suitable for various places, very suitable for living room, bedroom, corridor, kitchen, stairs, balcony, bar, hotel and so on.

 

 

Specification:
Colour: black
Material: metal+acrylic
Color temperature: warm light, 3000K
Lumen: 2250lm
Power: 18W
Lamp Length:59cm/23.22in

 

 

Package Included:
1-2x Wall light

 

 

 

 



Item Specifics
Brand :	Unbranded
Type :	Wall Light
Lighting Technology :	LED
Features :	Easy to install,anti-rust,anti-corrosion Embodies a modern aesthetic
Room :	Any Room living room, bedroom, corridor, kitchen stairs, balcony, bar, hotel and so on
Department :	Unisex Adult
Installation Area :	Indoor
Colour :	As shown
Shell colour :	Black
Color temperature :	warm white (3000K)
Voltage :	165V-265V
Wall distance :	As Shows
Height :	59cm
Number of Lights :	1
Material :	Acrylic,aluminum
Cord Colour :	Black
Model Number :	Modern LED Wall Lighting
Name :	59cm LED Indoor Wall Light
Energy Efficiency Rating :	A+++
EC Range :	A+++ - G
Style :	Wall Sconce Light Indoor


PaymentShippingReturnsContact Us

Paypal only. All major credit cards are accepted through our secure payment processor PayPal. Payment is required by 7 days after close of auction or purchase of a buy it now. Please make sure your Ebay address is correct before you pay. If not receive the payment within 7 days from the date of the deal ending, the system will automatically open unpaid case




All right reserved.








