New List Item
	
4 Preserving Sealed Jars 500ml With Screw Cap Wide Round Opening For Oatmeal Jam


GBP 10.89

	
Portable Emergency Wind Up Solar Hand Crank Radio Dynamo FM AM Power Bank Torch


GBP 22.99

	
USB Solar Panel Folding Portable 20W Power Bank Outdoor Hiking Phone Charger Kit


GBP 13.90

	
10X Mop Refill Pads Flat Microfiber Replacement Heads For Vileda H2PrO Flat Mop


GBP 10.89

	
5 Modes Car Diffuser Air Freshener Smart Car Fragrance Air Freshener With 1x Oil


GBP 12.99
Picture

Hot Item
	
TV Stand Leg TV Base Pedestal Feet Desk Top Pedestal Mount 32-65" for Samsung LG


GBP 11.89

	
Matcha Making Tool Set Bamboo Tea Whisk Tea Scoop Bowl Ceramic Tea Whisk Holder


GBP 13.89

	
2x 300G Jaysuing Invisible Waterproof Agent Insulating Sealant Agent with Brush


GBP 9.89

	
50Bags Home Activated Charcoal Carbon Filter Sachets For Pure Water Distiller UK


GBP 11.99

	
60cm - 300cm Air Diesel Heater Parking Stainless Steel Exhaust Pipe Tube Gas


GBP 5.89
Help & Info
Payment Policy
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
FAQ
About Us
	
Modern LED Wall Lamp Living Room Wall Light Bedroom Bedside Wall Sconce Lighting
	
	
	


	
	
	


	
	
	



Features:
-Its elegant linear design with two S-shaped beams embodies a modern aesthetic and creates an intriguing optical ambience.
-The shell is made of high-quality metal, and the surface is made of porcelain glaze, which has a fine texture, corrosion resistance and is easy to clean. The high-quality acrylic lampshade has high light transmittance and is not easy to yellow or crack.
-Using LED as the light source, the light output is higher, the light is uniform and soft, without flicker, it also has high color rendering index (CRI>80).
-The package includes instruction manual and all installation parts, which makes installation quick and easy. You can place the wall light vertically or horizontally as needed to meet your different needs.
-Suitable for various places, very suitable for living room, bedroom, corridor, kitchen, stairs, balcony, bar, hotel and so on.

Specification:
Colour: black
Material: metal+acrylic
Color temperature: warm light, 3000K
Lumen: 2250lm
Power: 18W

 

Package Included:
1 x Wall light

Item Specifics
Brand :	Unbranded
Type :	Wall Lamp
Sensor Type :	Light
Installation Area :	Indoor
Room :	Any Room
Lighting Technology :	LED
Material :	metal, acrylic
Style :	Modern
Features :	Easy Installation
Light Colour :	Warm White
Power Source :	Corded Electric
Colour :	Black
Control Style :	Wall Switch
Mounting :	Wall Mounted
Energy Efficiency Rating :	A++++++++++++
Personalised :	No
Assembly Required :	Yes
Voltage :	220V
Size :	59*15*5.5cm
Cord Colour :	Black
Shade Shape :	S


Payment
The preferred method of payment is PayPal. 
We accept payment by PayPal, you can pay with your Paypal balance or pay by Debit/Credit card through Paypal.
If need help, please send ebay message to us or you can find our contact details from the bottom of this page. Please have the eBay listing item number ready.
Please make payment within 10 days after purchase confirmed, we will open unpaid item progress if no payment received by then. 
 
Shipping
Orders will be dispatched within one working day upon payment received & cleared
Free standard UK delivery normally takes 2-3 working days, international delivery may take 5-7 working day, but not guaranteed, sometimes may longer
If you need the product urgently please choose the Royalmail special delivery,which is guaranteed next working day delivery if you ordered before 2:00 PM
we will be sent the parcel to you ebay address.Please ensure your delivery address is correct before completing your order. We are unable to take responsibility for the delay or loss of a parcel where incorrect or incomplete delivery details have been provided. 
 
Returns
Please read our description carefully before purchase.
30 days return for money back,buyer pay the postage.
Please contact us obtain the RMA number & returned address for any return items.
Return items MUST have all ORIGINAL packaging and accessories.
Unwanted/change mind items: Please contact us in writing within 30 days of purchase, the item must be returned in its original packaging, including all the accessories/paper works and free gift(if applicable).
 
Contact Us
If you have any question, Please contact us in time,we will reply to you within 24 hours.
We care about our valued buyers, if you have any questions, our Customer Service staffs will be very glad to help you. We try our best to reply to your mails as soon as possible, however, due to high volume of daily incoming emails and time zone difference, we may not be able to reply your emails immediately. Please allow 24 business hours for us to response
 
Feedback
Feedback is extremely important for all eBay sellers. We strive on providing the best possible experience while shopping with us. If you receive your order within a reasonable time frame, if you did not require any assistance with your purchase then we are politely asking to please leave us 5* a feedback rating. This helps us as a seller maintain a high quality service.
If there have any questions,before leaving negtive feedback please make sure to contact us and provide infomations about you question !We will do my best for you all the time.Thank you for you kindly cooperation.
 



All rights reserved.








