Modern LED Wall Lights Strip Bedroom Living Room Indoor Wall Sconce Lamp Hallway

Minimalist design: LED wall lamp adopts a simple line design, when turned on it gives off a beautiful light that spreads all over the wall, which can be perfectly integrated into a variety of decorative styles in your home.

Specifications: Indoor led wall light size: 44*18*3.5 cm. Colour temperature: 3000K Warm White Light/4500K Natural White Light/6500K Cool White Light, modern long LED wall lamp 19W 1900LM, Voltage: 220V-240V, Note: Non dimmable. Applicable area: 5-10 ㎡.

High-quality material: The indoor wall lamp adopts acrylic and aluminium materials, the frame is solid and anti-corrosion, the light transmission is uniform and the illumination is sufficient, corridor wall light suitable for modern home decoration.

Eye Protection: Modern LED wall light with built-in LED light source, strong light, no glare, no UV and infrared radiation, can provide sufficient illumination while effectively protecting your eyes. Low power consumption, money-saving indoor wall sconce.

Applicable Occasions: this black wall light is fixed with screws, is not difficult to install and can also be installed at different angles (horizontal, vertical, inclined). Perfect for bedrooms, living rooms, balconies, corridors, staircases, offices, dining rooms, hotels, etc.

💡Spefications:
Style: Modern 
Product dimensions: 44 x 18 x 3.5 cm
Power: 19W; 
Luminous flux: 1900LM; 
Voltage: 220-240 volt
Type of lamp: LED; 
Colour temperature: 3000K Warm White Light/4500K Natural White Light/6500K Cool White Light (The light color can only be adjusted using the wall switch; dimmers are not supported.); 
Colour rendering index: 90

📦Package Incldued:
1 x Wall light; 
1 x installation instructions; 
1 x accessories
🚚FREE SHIPPING

Note
1.Due to manual measurement, please allow 1-2cm error in the size of application.
2.It is better to be installed by a professional electrician.
3.During the installation and cleaning of the lamp, the power supply must be turned off.

About us
Delivery details
Terms of sales
About us
Contact us
Professional Lighting Seller
1.We are a store that specialize in home lighting fixtures  we have our own independent brand as well as patented products from the UK, EU and other countries.
2. Our products have been tested many times by our factory and also need feedback from our customers so that we can better improve and upgrade our products.
3. We will launch promotional activities in various festivals, we welcome your purchase.
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		