Description

★【Modern Design】The LED ceiling lights has a creative design, elegant and fashionable. Bright and comfortable light source will make a room look more attractive. It will also be a striking presence during the day.
★【Colour Temperature & Brightness Adjustable 】The dimmable LED ceiling light with remote can adjust the brightness and color temperature, the brightness is adjustable(10%-100%), 3 colour temperatures switchable(cold white light 6500K-natural light 4500K-warm white light 3000K) with remote control
★【High quality material】The led ceiling lights for living room is made with high quality metal and acrylic. The metal base with high-temperature baking paint, the surface is smooth, rust-proof, anti-corrosion and durable. Milky white lampshade with even light transmission, built-in led chip, with high brightness, no glare and no flicker.
★【Widely Applicability】This simple and beautiful white ceiling lamp is suitable for various indoor designs. It is the perfect furniture for installation in bedroom, living room, kitchen, dining room, study, entrance hall, hallway, stairs, attic, balcony, office, restaurant, hallway.
Specification:
Type: LED Ceiling Light
Number of lights: 4 heads
Material: metal, aluminum
Light body colour: Black
Voltage: 220-240 V
Dimmable: yes with remote control
Power: 94W
Color temperature: 3000K-6500K Stepless Dimming
Voltage: 220V-240V
Average life of 50,000 hours
LED lighting: 15-25 ㎡.
Duration: 50,000 hours
Application: living room, bedroom, kitchen, dining room, hallway, loft, bar, cafeteria, bathroom, study, etc.
Package contents:
1 * LED ceiling light
1 * Remote control
1 * Mounting accessories


 


Images


 

 

Payment

1.We accept PayPal only.

Shipping@Return

1.We ship to your eBay or Paypal address. Please make sure your eBay and Paypal address is correct before you pay.
2.Items will be shipped within 1 business days.
3.Delivery time depends on destination;
4.International buyers please note:
  a.Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are buyer’s responsibility. We will try our best to reduce the risk of the custom duties.
  b.Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to buying.

5.  We provide 60 days return, buyers pay shipping costs.
 