 
Product Description

 ★【Modern Design】The LED ceiling lights has a creative design, elegant and fashionable. Bright and comfortable light source will make a room look more attractive. It will also be a striking presence during the day.
★【Colour Temperature & Brightness Adjustable 】The dimmable LED ceiling light with remote can adjust the brightness and color temperature, the brightness is adjustable(10%-100%), 3 colour temperatures switchable(cold white light 6500K-natural light 4500K-warm white light 3000K) with remote control
★【High quality material】The led ceiling lights for living room is made with high quality metal and acrylic. The metal base with high-temperature baking paint, the surface is smooth, rust-proof, anti-corrosion and durable. Milky white lampshade with even light transmission, built-in led chip, with high brightness, no glare and no flicker.
★【Widely Applicability】This simple and beautiful white ceiling lamp is suitable for various indoor designs. It is the perfect furniture for installation in bedroom, living room, kitchen, dining room, study, entrance hall, hallway, stairs, attic, balcony, office, restaurant, hallway.
Specification:
Type: LED Ceiling Light
Number of lights: 4 heads
Material: metal, aluminum
Light body colour: Black
Voltage: 220-240 V
Dimmable: yes with remote control
Power: 94W
Color temperature: 3000K-6500K Stepless Dimming
Voltage: 220V-240V
Average life of 50,000 hours
LED lighting: 15-25 ㎡.
Duration: 50,000 hours
Application: living room, bedroom, kitchen, dining room, hallway, loft, bar, cafeteria, bathroom, study, etc.
Package contents:
1 * LED ceiling light
1 * Remote control
1 * Mounting accessories

  Payment
1.We accept payment through eBayPayment.
2.All major credit cards are accepted through secure payment processor eBayPayment.
3.Payment must be received within 7 business days of auction closing.
4.We ship to your eBay or eBayPayment address. Please make sure your eBay and eBayPayment address is correct before you pay.
  Shipping
1. All items will be shipped to buyer's ebay address.
2. All items will be shipped within 24 working hours upon receipt of payment, and multiple items will be combined shipping.
3. In most cases, delivery takes around 1-2 business days from UK Warehouse by RoyalMail, it's highly depended on the efficiency of the shipping carrier. If your item doesn't arrive on time, please contact us immediately for further assistance. Please note there is no local pickup service avaliable.

  Return
1.Customer satisfaction is our top priority. Please message us over the eBay messages.

2.All returns must have RMA number. Returns with no RMA number will be avoided!

Changed your mind and don't want the item anymore?
1.No Problem! Please contact us within 30 days. We do not charge restocking fee unless the item you are returning is Brand New.
2.Defective/Dead items will be fully refunded or replaced after matching the serial number with the one in our records.
3.Order/bid cancellation: We can cancel your order only if you contact us within 15 min after your purchase. No exceptions.


About returns & refunds ：
1.If your order arrives incorrect or the package is damaged in result of a carrier company, you must notify us within 2 days of receipt. We are aware of all fraud cases and have all the items details in our records.
2.If the goods are not defective, you will be responsible for the return postage costs. Returned item must include all previously included accessories. No restocking fee will apply.
3.If there is a quality issue or malfunction with the product, we strongly suggest you to contact us asap.
Any item needed to be returned must be securely packaged, insured and shipped with tracking for safety. We cannot be responsible for lost damaged packages. We carefully inspect returned items upon receipt before any possible refunds, credits, or exchanges.

  Feedback

1.We maintain high standards of excellence and strive for 100% customer satisfaction.
2.Positive feedback with 5 star rating is very important to us. Please give us a chance to resolve any issues before posting a neutral or negative feedback. Thanks a lot.

  About us
1.We are professional manufacturer seller. All products are factory direct sales, best quality at best price.
2.We strive for 100% customer satisfaction.
 
 
 