Modern LED Wall Light Fixture Sconce Up Down Outdoor Indoor Exterior Door Lamp
  
 Modern Wall Lamps for Garden
This modern exterior wall sconce is stylishly designed to meet a variety of lighting needs and is also suitable for decorating a variety of outdoor areas.  

	
Product information
Up Down Outdoor Lighting Home Wall: Warm white 3000K LED outdoor area. Outdoor lamp is equipped with high quality LED beads for even and soft light
Waterproof outdoor wall lamps: Wall lamp is made of aluminum metal housing and high quality plastic cover, the whole design is sealed, IP65 waterproof, durable. It is a good choice for outdoor lighting
Wall lamp specifications: Size: 18*7.5*8.3 cm (L*W*H). Light source: LED*5. Power: 6W. Quantity: 1 pieces
Easy Installation: Connect the household cable to the outside lamp wall cable through the cable terminal and fasten it with screws, but for your safety, please install it under the guidance of professionals
Modern design: Outdoor light is a good combination of minimalist and modern style, which can be installed outdoors, such as on house walls, entrances, garage entrances, Hallways, shed, It is also suitable for indoor areas such as entrances, bathrooms, etc.
Why Choose Our Wall Light?

When comparing with similar wall lights on the market, many alternatives use cheap plastic housings and standard LED chips. Without convex lens design, light spreads out ineffectively, creating a short lighting range. Plastic construction struggles with heat dissipation, which accelerates light failure over time.
Our upgraded LED up & down wall light is constructed with robust matte black aluminium for excellent heat dissipation. Fitted with COB LED and convex transparent lenses, our lamp focuses light beams perfectly to realise longer illumination distance. It produces beautiful layered wall lighting and maintains reliable long-term performance for domestic and commercial applications such as hallways, bedrooms, B&Bs, hotel guest rooms and front porches.
           
Payment
Delivery details
Returns
About us
Contact us

1. This is the payment method we can accept:  Paypal & Payoneer.

2. You can checkout and pay immediately after the auction ends or you complete the purchases. If you need an eBay invoice sent to you by Email, please contact us before making payments.

3.Once the checkout is completed, you will not be able to include any additional purchases. We start to process and fulfill your order once payment is received. New purchases after the checkout will be processed separately.

4.  Payments are expected within 4 days after the order is confirmed. Unpaid item (UPI) strike may be filed with eBay upon non-receipt of payment.

*Please send us an email as soon as possible for anything; We will be responsible until the end.  😀😀😀😀😀 
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		