LED Wall Light Sconce Waterproof Outdoor Lamp Exterior Lights Long Strip Modern

Bullet Points:
【Excellent lighting effect】- The black outdoor wall lamp wall mount bracket can emit light, with an extended design, emitting soft and bright light in four directions, decorating your house and creating a good atmosphere. They are very modern in appearance, emitting plenty of light, illuminating the porch entrance without casting light on the neighbors
【Comfortable color temperature】- 3000K (warm white) or 6500K (cold white), which will produce soft and romantic light, no flash, and protect your eyes.
【Design features】- This wall lamp adopts a stylish and simple appearance long strip design, adding a modern feel to the building wall, presenting a unique lighting effect when lit, creating a warm and cozy atmosphere.
【Indoor and outdoor applications】- IP65 waterproof grade, good waterproof and airtightness; wall lamps are widely used in corridors, halls, exhibition halls, bars, cafes, front porches, doorways
【Easy to install】- Wall/Surface Mounting, wired installation, no complicated installation procedures are required. Can be installed vertically or horizontally to suit the decoration. Energy-saving design, which not only helps you blend into the environment, but also helps you save electricity bills. Waterproof LED driver: With short-circuit protection design and overload protection design, it ensures complete safety in use.

Specifications:
Power: 18W/24W/30W
Number of lamp beads: 144pcs/192pcs/240pcs
Waterproof grade: IP65
Color rendering index: >80
Color temperature: Cool White 6500K / Warm White 3000K
Product size (LxWxH): 18W: 60x8x4.5cm / 24W: 80x8x4.5cm / 30W: 100x8x4.5cm

Packing List:
1x LED Wall Lamp
1x Installation Package
1x Instruction Manual

Payment
1. We accept payment via Paypal only.
2. Payment should be completed within 3 days after auction closed, or unpaid dispute will be filled after 4 days.
3. If you have bought multiple items from me, you can send me one payment for all the items instead of paying for them individually.When you click the Pay Now button, eBay will automatically determine if there are other items you have won or purchased from me and will combine them for your review.



Delivery details
1. We will ship the products within 24hours after clearance of payment excluding weekends and holidays.
2. Items will be shipped out from our Cannock storehouse, warranty will be provided, in order to protect your purchase
3. We use Hermes/Yodel/Royal Mail with tracking number, it takes normally 1-5 Workdays to arrive.
4. We just can send this item to your Paypal registered address, if you want to change the shipping address after payment, we will refund you firstly, and you can add the new address in your paypal and pay for it again.
5. Usually there will be a delay on the delivery update system; you may consider tracking your items in a few days time.
6. No Local Pickup supported.


Tems of sales
1.If you dissatisfied for any reason ,Please don't be quick to leave Negative / Neutral feedback.
Your better comments will be an encouragement for us to offer the better quality and the better service in future.
We work hard to make sure EVERY CUSTOMER 100% SATISFIED and resolve any problem for you and always leave positive feedback for all our customers .
2.If you are satisfied with the product you received ,please leave us positive feedback and 5 scores DSR.
3. Buyer is responsible for return costs 30 days replacement or money back as you like. Buy with confidence!
4.All returned items must be in the original package and you must provide us with the shipping tracking number,specific reason for the return and your ebay ID.
5.We will refund your full winning bid amount , upon receipt of the item in its original condition and package with all components and accessories included.


About us
We aim to provide best services and products in exchange your maximum satifaction. We will do our best to resolve your issue till your satisfaction.
1.Our Working Time: 09:00-18:00 (GMT+8) From Monday to Friday! Due to the difference time Zone, All emails will be answered within 48 hours. Weekend and Holiday will be delayed a little bit. If you do not receive our reply, please kindly re-sent your email and we will reply to you as soon as possible.
2. We appreciate your positive feedback. Please do not leave Neutral or negative feedback without getting help. Our goal is to provide top-notch customer service, so we will do our best to resolve any issues you may have.
Thank you so much and have a nice day!


