Welcome to Usmayflower6

Your Best Online Business Partner

DESCRIPTION
PAYMENT
SHIPPING
RETURN POLICY
CONTACT US
Modern LED Wall Lamp Living Room Wall Light Bedroom Bedside Wall Sconce Lighting


Shipping Conditions:


Attention: The goods will be shipped from UK
Delivery time: 2 to 4 working days 

 

- Support 60 days return policy

- Reply within 24 hours

 

 

About This Item:
Modern design: this wall light is characterised by an elegant linear design with two S-shaped beams that embody modern aesthetics and add a touch of style to your room. The left and right light distribution combines perfectly with the refined black appearance and creates a fascinating optical ambience 


Wide application: this black wall light is a very atmospheric and versatile wall light, the warm and romantic light is suitable for all kinds of places, ideal for lighting and decoration in the living room, bedroom, hallway, kitchen, staircase, balcony, bar, hotel and so on

 

 

Features:
-Its elegant linear design with two S-shaped beams embodies a modern aesthetic and creates an intriguing optical ambience.
-The shell is made of high-quality metal, and the surface is made of porcelain glaze, which has a fine texture, corrosion resistance and is easy to clean. The high-quality acrylic lampshade has high light transmittance and is not easy to yellow or crack.
-Using LED as the light source, the light output is higher, the light is uniform and soft, without flicker, it also has high color rendering index (CRI>80).
-The package includes instruction manual and all installation parts, which makes installation quick and easy. You can place the wall light vertically or horizontally as needed to meet your different needs.
-Suitable for various places, very suitable for living room, bedroom, corridor, kitchen, stairs, balcony, bar, hotel and so on.

 

 

Specification:
Colour: black
Material: metal+acrylic
Color temperature: warm light, 3000K
Lumen: 2250lm
Power: 18W
Lamp Length:59cm/23.22in

 


Package Included:
1-2x Wall light

 

 



Item Specifics
Brand :	Unbranded
Type :	Wall Light
Lighting Technology :	LED
Features :	Easy to install,anti-rust,anti-corrosion Embodies a modern aesthetic
Room :	Any Room living room, bedroom, corridor, kitchen stairs, balcony, bar, hotel and so on
Department :	Unisex Adult
Installation Area :	Indoor
Colour :	As shown
Shell colour :	Black
Color temperature :	warm white (3000K)
Voltage :	165V-265V
Wall distance :	As Shows
Height :	59cm
Number of Lights :	1
Material :	Acrylic,aluminum
Cord Colour :	Black
Model Number :	Modern LED Wall Lighting
Name :	59cm LED Indoor Wall Light
Energy Efficiency Rating :	A+++
EC Range :	A+++ - G
Style :	Wall Sconce Light Indoor
Payment

1. We only accept paypal payment

2.We expect your fast payment

3.Please pay for your order within 2 days, otherwise ebay will open unpaid case for it automatically.

4.We only ship your order to your paypal address.If you write a wrong address when you send payment,please send ebay message to us in the first time,and we will help you in this case.

Shipping

*Item will be shipped out within 1-2 working days once we have received your payment via PayPal with confirmed shipping address only..

*Postage costs are for mainland UK only (England, Wales and South Scotland). Additional charges will be incurred for postcodes outside of mainland UK, which include BT, PA, KW, IV, HS, AB, IM, ZE, GY, JE, DD, PH, KA, PO. So please contact us first for a revised price before purchasing.

*Notice: We send the parcel according to your Paypal address, so please make sure your Paypal address is right and please provide your Phone number on the address, so the carrier can contact you once they can not deliver the item

	
Returns

Applicable only for items purchased within 30 days.

* All item should be returned in a good/ well-packed condition. Failure to comply with our Terms and Conditions may lead to UNAPPROVED RETURNS.

* All returned merchandise must be in original factory carton, including all packaging materials, inserts and manuals, warranty cards (not filled-out) and all other accessories (i.e. screws, bass knobs, plastic coverings, protective films, etc.) Failure to meet any of these requirements will result in a higher restocking fee or denial of return request.

* All returned merchandise are to be tested and inspected according to reasons/ claims why it is being returned before any decisions will be made.

* Shipping charges are non-refundable. Only the purchase price of the product is refundable.


Reasons for unapproved returns

* Physical damage: Item is scratched, torn, wet, burned, blown, signs of misuse, and faulty installation DEFECTIVE or non DEFECTIVE

* Factory sealed items: If it’s opened and tampered except for certain items

Contact Us

1.Any questions,feel free to contact us on ebay, we will reply within 24 hours.

2.Feedback is very important to us. Please contact us immediately BEFORE you give us Neutral  or Negative feedback. We always pursue 100% customer satisfaction!




All rights reserved.


	
Shop Category
 Store Home
 Other
Hot Item
	
TV Antenna Digital HD Freeview Aerial Arial Signal Booster For Indoor Outdoor


GBP 12.99

	
Carbide Wood Sanding Carving Shaping Disc for Angle Grinder Grinding Wheel Tools


GBP 8.89

	
2025 4K Rewave Antena, TV Antenna, Suction Cup TV Antenna Plug Play 3m Cable New


GBP 8.99

	
12X Acoustic Wall Panel Tiles Studio Sound Proofing Insulation Self Adhesive Pad


GBP 16.90

	
LED Facial Mask 7 Color Red Light Therapy Skin Care Beauty Mask Anti Acne


GBP 12.99
New List Item
LONG REACH GRABBER REACHER LITTER PICKER HELPING HAND HELD PICK UP TOOL
GBP 10.99


1000X Handheld Microscope for Kids 3.0" Screen Rechargeable Mini Pocket Digital
GBP 28.99


62" TELESCOPIC CAR CLEANING BRUSH MICROFIBER MOP WASH KIT SCRATCH UK STOCK
GBP 13.99


4400mAh Rechargeable Heated Socks for Men Women,Washable Electric Warming Sock
GBP 18.90


200CM Silicone Shower Threshold Water Barrier Bathroom Water Retaining Strip
GBP 7.99
Help & Info
Payment Policy
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
FAQ
About Us





