

Description
High qualit&High efficiency: CRI:>80,Universal Energy Saving, Replace 120W halogen bulb by non-dimmable 12W/16W /20W LED will save up to 80% on electricity bill of lighting.No UV or IR, Making them much Safer around Kids and Pets
2.Long life:High brightness and low power consumption Provides over 30,000 hours life span;
3.Widely use: It’s Great used for Home Indoor Lighting,Offices,Schools, Factories, Shopping Malls, Supermarkets, Restaurants,ect
4.Easy installation: Standard Candelabra Shape with Small Screw Base (E14/E27),LED Candle Light Bulb.No Lead or Mercury.
5.High brightness & energy efficient light bulb.Easy Installation, Low Power Consumption, Low Heat Generation,Shockproof,Fast active,Eco-Label, Major Power Savings.
 
Specification:
Base Type:E27
LED Color: Cold White/Warm White/ Cold+Warm+Neutral
Power: 12W/16W/20W
CRI:>80 (Vivid and Natural Light)
Input Voltage: AC 220V - 240V
Life Span: 50,000 hours(Extremely long life, Plug and play, saving labor and electricity cost, Eco-Friendly)
Beam Angle: 360 Degree
Color Temperature: Warm white (3000K), Cold white (6500K),Neutral White(4000K)
Shell Material: Aluminum+PC Lampshade (Good Heat Dissipation)
LED Working Temperature: -25 Degree - +45 Degree
 
Applications:
Widely used in the home indoor lighting, hotel, meeting room, offices, hospital, schools, factories, shopping malls, supermarkets, restaurants or any other places where accent lighting is required.
 
Cautions:
1. Switch off the power before replacing the lamp.
2. Keep away from direct sunshine and too high temperature.
3. If any doubt about the installation or use of this product, a competent electrician.
Shipping

Deliveries outside the UK mainland are all subject to delivery charges, please contact us so we can help you sort the order for you.

Returns

You have 30 days from placing your order to return an item to us. We do not accept returns on items that have been used/installed but we will offer a replacement for a faulty item. In some cases if the item is in used or damaged condition, we will issue a partial refund.

We will issue full refund only if the item is received with it's full, original packaging and falls within the outlined time frame.

Feedback

We will make every effort to respond your inquiries as early as possible usually within 24 hrs. If you are not happy with our product, please do not leave us a negative or neutral feedback before contacting us, just bring the issue in our knowledge and we will do our best to resolve the issue for you.